Kamgar naka 
It is a online platform like rapido uber ola but for labour and coustumer means costumer books 
the labour for a day at  the cost of daily wages and when the coustumer send the request it eill 
ring on the labours phone the first to pick will get selected but when selected he need to go un 
der the soberity cheak ai detection which it made by me and is live on this website:- 
https://worksafevision-production.up.railway.app/  but implement it in our app in this the 
gemini ai is used and by the following things  
Based on the AI analysis system, a worker gets flagged as "not fit for duty" when the Gemini AI 
detects potential impairment indicators. Here are the specific conditions that can lead to 
rejection: 
Primary Safety Indicators Analyzed: 
1. Eye Movement & Focus Issues: 
Bloodshot or red eyes 
Unusual pupil dilation or constriction 
DiAiculty focusing or maintaining eye contact 
Glazed or "glassy" appearance in the eyes 
Droopy or heavy eyelids 
2. Facial Expression Concerns: 
Signs of confusion or disorientation 
Altered mental state visible in expression 
Inappropriate facial expressions for the situation 
Lack of alertness or responsiveness 
Unusual muscle tension or relaxation 
3. Head Position & Stability: 
Inability to hold head steady 
Signs of swaying or instability 
Poor posture control 
Head tilting or drooping 
Unsteady positioning 
4. Skin Color Changes: 
Unusual flushing of the face 
Excessive pallor (pale appearance) 
Other color changes that might indicate impairment 
Visible signs of distress 
if the users passes it will allowed to do job and if if failed its marked for review then the checked 
and the if pass then pass or else fail till the next 5 -6 hours 
things in website  
1.main landing page with a nessacary nav bar things like about , home , contact us ,get 
Started 
2.in get started sing in  and sign up and two profile options labours and the costumer with 
details like name , email id ,number , password .. 
3.after that for labour  
 complete the profile  
1. full name  
2. Address 
3. Number and email from prior collection  
4. skill known like mason, painter, carpenter, plumber (can add the multiple skills (and 
they will get the matching job request only )) 
5.Address 
6.address proof (for security)  
7.upi id  
after that I want to fetch the adhar card details from digilocker or just check for the 
number is it valid using adhar portal (important:- implement if possible and free or else 
keep only adhar numbers ) 
4.for costumer 
 complete the profile 
1. full name  
2. Address 
3. Number and email from prior collection 
4.address 
after the matching I want you to give the option on the costumer dashboard he will see the rates 
of the labour set the prices accordingly  to the government labour rates of india like 700 rs for 
mason and 400 rs for a helper and a  option to enter the number of labours wanted like in if a 
coustmer want to hire a mason and 2 helper and let say plumber so there should be options for 
this so that much laours will be accepted  
and there should be option of making payment to the labour and a small 10 rs convinence fees 
should be paid by the costumer and labour and should be collecting in the app 